To begin a parsed line you need to open and close a bracket. For example:
 "()"
This will create a blank line in any language, it will possibly add a punctuation mark.

There are then multiple functions that are called within multiple sentence parts. They are as follows.

n: Defines a noun. Uses the following arguments:
   id  		- int - Is the identifier of the noun. It is the line number that the noun can be found on.
   num 		- int - The number of the noun, if the noun is plural. It should be one higher or lower (if negative) than the desired number, as 0 is a blank number.
   reflex 	- bool - True if the pronoun should be a reflexive one. Can be ignored for non-pronouns
   plural	- bool - True if the noun should be plural.
   typ 		- int - The type of article that should be prepended to the noun.
			-2: "a"
			-1: "the"
			 0: ""
			 1: "my"
			 2: "your" -- singular / informal
			 3: "his"
			 4: "her"
			 5: "its"
			 6: "our"
			 7: "your" -- plural / informal
			 8: "their"
			 9: "your" -- plural / formal
   usegenitive 	- bool - True if the noun has a possive object 
   n		- noun - If the noun has a possessive object, define that as a noun here.

it: Allows the use of a "it" pronoun.
   id 		- int - Is the identifier of the noun. It is the line number that the noun can be found on.

adj: Adds an adjective to an noun.
   id 		- int - Is the identifier of the adjective. It is the line number that the adjective can be found on.




These functions are called in other functions that express parts of a sentence. They are as follows:

sub: Defines the subject of a sentence, uses the previous functions.
	Eg:
		sub(n(1,0,false,false,0))
obj: Defines all the objects of a sentence. Inside it contains functions 1 through 9 defining all nine possible objects in a sentence, these objects use the previously mentioned functions.
	Eg:
		obj(1(n(193,0,false,false,0)))
Verb1: Sets the first verb. Takes an integer refering to the verb identifier.
	Eg:
		Verb(1)
Verb2: Sets the second verb. Takes an integer refereing to the verb identifier.
neg: Requires no arguments. Turns the sentence in to a negative one. (I did > I did not)
	Eg:
		neg/
clause: Takes an integer for the identifier of a conjunction, then another sentence code segment.
st: Takes an integer, not enclosed in backets to set the sentence type.
	Eg:
		st 0
question: Sets the question word of an interrogative sentence.


